hmm technically it's called an apiary
these white boxes you see are called
beehives some people say they're
colonies of bees and these hives today
we may have 30 to 50,000 worker bees if
I start the package of bees I can order
wire cage with 2 or 3 pounds and give
them commercial beeswax is a starter
frame and then the rest of it is up to
the honey bees now over here I have a
hive that has a super audit and we call
it a super it's where they are going to
raise a not raised but where they're
going to produce honey that's the
appearance of a healthy hive where they
have lots of bees on the surface yummy
good ideas over the farms like that to
poke a little bit and drive them down
sometimes a little bit of honey
in here that's that is where they're
making honey this has a little bit of
nectar in it but it doesn't have really
honey the super below may be better
condition when the nectar is brought in
it has a high moisture content and at
that moisture content it will bring it
and be circulate air through the hive
and lower the moisture content and gets
down to between 17 and 18 percent they
have produced honey and they kept it
with impervious beeswax here the honey
is still Nick I still not get honey
over here I have more de morcerf content
and they're capping they're in the
process of capping in this area now
these bees are busy so they're not going
to bother me and lo here if this up but
we have fault
here's a queen excluder and the purpose
is to prevent the Queen from going in
the area we want to produce honey
because he lays eggs up there
that's really not desirable I want
frames just have honey not this box and
one below we call a brood chamber and
this is where the Queen should be doing
her job of laying up to 2,000 eggs a day
if every frame of what I call brood
looked like this I would be real happy
say gee whiz I'm a good beekeeper but
unfortunately everything doesn't look
that good that this is a grateful now so
when we have something like that these
bees are going to be hatching shortly
and I want to be sure that we have
enough space to move up and provide
space for them to produce honey scooter
has openings that are are too narrow for
the Queen we go through and so this
keeps the Queen going upstairs and
laying eggs where you're trying to
seduce honey well I used to get a
hundred pounds of hive and my best year
was 2004 and I had 1,300 from Canada
hives like an average 130 pounds
pesticide use has increased erratically
and I and other beekeepers believe that
one cause for Less honey production but
our other problem there is a parasite
called Aurora mite that sucks on they be
and damages to be in shortage life and
if not treated properly will kill the
hive so it's not just one thing it's
several thing a small hive beetle
appeared in this area only a few years
ago we have never had a problem with it
but we have seen the occasional
individual this is a very small hive
beetle trap which is something else it
bothers bees and he put them in here but
them called any beetles to my knowledge
what a small hive beetle does is lay a
on the honey in the hive stand
larvae make the mist and if you have a
real infestation it will cause honey to
start dripping running and the bees will
probably just move out of the hive
but there ways to treat for those EEMA
also we use another disease so the
problem of keeping bees helped me during
the weather this first is going to take
care of the Mike and those scene of
problems first then you have to have
enough honey and a a beekeeper can feed
the bees and keep them alive but what we
canwe happens is the bee start raising
more bees in some time maybe late
January or February and to produce one
frame of bees takes about a frame of
honey and that's when they starve
sometimes is in February not in December